Joshua Day's "Cogs of Cronus"
Version 0.7DRL

An entry in the 2013 Seven Day Roguelike (7DRL) Challenge

Find details about the 2011 7DRL Challenge at
  http://roguebasin.roguelikedevelopment.org/index.php?title=7DRL_Contest_2013

Track new version of Cogs of Cronus at
  http://www.jdaydev.com/cronus

THIS RELEASE
------------

This is the very first release of Cogs of Cronus, and if it weren't for the
challenge, this release would never have seen the light of day.  It's woefully
incomplete relative to the plan, and even relative to the unused code lurking
deep within.  It can only run under POSIX systems and it can do relatively
few of the things it is designed to do.  It is, nonetheless, a complete if
deeply flawed game.

You'll need luajit.  Later releases of Cogs of Cronus will include binaries
of luajit -- for the moment, you're on your own.  Sorry (really, honestly.)


THE GAME
--------

There is very little to surprise a player of traditional roguelikes; a player
of Brogue will find the experience particularly simple.  Find items on the
map (moving with hjklyubn if you can, or the numpad if you must, taking care
that your terminal emulator supplies keys properly), and defeat enemies along
the way.

You get precisely nothing by defeating enemies, and you are well advised to
ignore them.  Nonetheless, explosives and melee weapons help immensely, and
using them (e to equip a melee weapon, a to apply consumables) will make the
map much more accessible.

This version largely excludes the procedurally generated puzzles that are the
crux of the design -- check in later for more.  Please do email
josh.day@gmail.com in order to follow the progress of the game beyond this
rather primitive stage.

Apply a TANK OF AIR to heal yourself.  Apply a detonator (both kinds behave
the same for now, sorry) to an explosive (both kinds behave the same), drop
the explosive, and apply the detonator, to kill all enemies immediately
adjacent to the blast.

The item that ends the game (depicted by an asterisk [*]) appears on dlvl 6
and you will find no stairs down there.


KNOWN BUGS
----------
Aside from bugs that have caused me to exclude major features (such as puzzle
generation), and "bugs" where features have simply not been implemented, the
only known bug is this:

* monsters are not restricted to their proper media; eels swim on land, and
  monkeys walk on water.  This limits the tactical interest of the game
  considerably.


